docs(1.7.0): update v2-data-engine/prerequisites.md (#929)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/v2-data-engine/prerequisites.md

  >
  > Host machines with Linux kernel 5.15 may unexpectedly reboot when volume-related IO errors occur. Update the Linux kernel on Longhorn nodes to version 5.19 or later to prevent such issues.

>   6.7 or later is recommended for an improved system stability
>   > **NOTICE**
>   >
>   > Host machines with Linux kernel prior to 6.7 can encounter memory corruption when IO timeouts are massively present in communications between nvme-tcp driver and SPDK. Update the Linux kernel on Longhorn nodes to version 6.7 for a better error handling to prevent such issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v6.7 or later is recommended for improved system stability
> **NOTICE**
>
> Memory corruption may occur on hosts using versions of the Linux kernel earlier than 6.7. This is caused by prevalent IO timeouts in communications between the nvme-tcp driver and SPDK. Update the Linux kernel on Longhorn nodes to version 6.7 or later to prevent the issue from occurring.
```

Author: Just a little change to your suggestion.
